All right I logged into my AWOS consol.
And if you haven't done that already if you haven't signed then yet then you should do it now because
we're going to check out what we're going to build on.
AWOS All right.
From the search bar right here I'm going to type in as we see and as you can see it is isolated cloud
resources and within the BPC section as you can see there is already a default PC from Amazon or AWOS.
This PPC is created by Amazon itself.
So you should not touch this PC because if you do that you have to create a support ticket to a double
you asked to have it created for you just keep it that way and leave that PC as is in our case.
We're going to be creating a PC just like we can do it from the AWOS console itself like typing the
name IP for block or the cyder block and providing us are well used to our Ribisi.
We can definitely do that from a W-S console but we're going to do all these with Python.
And after launching our PC we're going to take a look at these subnets and we're going to launch our
own subnets to that PC and when we finish with our private and public subnets then we're going to go
to Internet gateways.
As you can see here from the internet gateway we're going to create and Gateway and then we're going
to attach that internet get way to a subnet and that some net is going to belong to a PC that we created.
Again we're going to do all of that using Python and both all three.
We're not going to go to AWOS castle and try to type in to create something from there.
We're going to do all of that within our code.
So to start implementing our project I'll be seeing you on the next video.